DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"B.F.F. - Best Friends Forever\".
KLAUS: What a fascinating Bakugan.
I don't believe I possess anything like you.
I would dearly love to add you to the collection
of Klaus Von Herzen.
[quiet evil laugh]
DAN: Oh yeah...
RUNO: [sigh] Am I ever beat.
Man...
we looked everywhere and came up with squat !
I'm beginning to wonder if there are any clues
to the Infinity Core here at all.
Oh fer cryin' out loud!
Come on,
don't get so upset, Dan.
Julie, we are all upset.
Yeah, but we're not as immature as Dan...
every time something goes wrong he freaks out.
Whaddya mean?
We have to hurry up and find this thing
before it's too late!
Calm yourself, Dan.
He's right.
We just have to look harder...
Right Tigrerra?
Indeed I do.
[sigh]
But it's all just makin' me crazy!
Oh, You're far too impatient.
Everyone really seems down in the dumps, don't they?
PREYAS: When you're right you're right...
Hey wait!
Did you leave the stove on?
No, but a delicious meal might be just the thing
to make everyone feel better!
For those about to cook...
...we salute you!
I am not without a certain culinary expertise...
My humble skills are at your disposal!
I knew I could count on you, Preyas...
The kitchen shall be our battlefield.
Field Open!
BOTH: Leeeeet's coooook!
First we dice up some lovely green onions....
Then we briskly beat two eggs -
organic are best.
No dish is complete without a little octopus!
And...
BOTH: Voila!
Huh... ?
Come on now, don't be shy!
They're best when they're hot!
[gasping]
Wow! Looks great!
JULIE: I love \"takoyaki!\"
\"Takoyaki?\"
They're kinda like little Japanese hamburgers.
They're veeery veeery delicious, trust me!
I prefer my hamburgers with a little less octopus...
Call me crazy...
Where did you guys learn how to cook like this?
MARUCHO: Well, we watch a lot of cooking shows on T.V.
They're very inspiring!
D'ya think I could get the recipe?
Sorry.
That's our little secret.
Well, us and about 30,000 other viewers...
Well, down the hatch!
Wooooowww!
You know, these are good!
No kidding!
It's the soft texture of the outer coating...
and the chewy texture of the octopus inside...
the two together create a perfect harmony...
I think we succeeded, Preyas...
Everyone looks a whole lot happier now!
The credit is all yours my boy.
Without your inspired dance as I cooked,
none of this would have been possible...
Well that sure hit the spot.
Thanks a heap Marucho!
Yes, thank you - it was delicious!
I'd still like to get that recipe...
I feel way better!
You totally ROCK!
Go on...
There...
These are the last ones.
Thanks Preyas...
I know my dance was a pretty big help...
but it was your cooking that put smiles
on everyone's faces.
Don't mention it.
You know I'd do anything for you and your friends.
I'm so glad that you're my partner...
I just wanted you to know how I feel, Preyas.
Oh, go on,
you're gonna get me blubbered if you keep this up...
Anyway, I'm the one who should be thanking you
for taking in a drifter like me...
By the way,
can you show me how to make those \"takoyaki\" of yours?
I think I must have dozed off
during that particular broadcast.
Don't worry,
I think I recorded it.
Perfect.
We can watch it right now!
You wanna watch the chess tournament after?
PREYAS: You kidding?
Sign me up !
MARUCHO: I'll make popcorn.
They're such a great match, don't you agree?
Yeah, it's true.
They're a perfect team!
DAN: Hey everyone! Ya got a sec?
Sure. What is it?
I've been thinking about it a lot...
we should ask for information
about the Infinity Core on our website!
Huh?
I thought we'd talked about this already.
If we do that, then there's a real chance that the enemy
will find out what we're up to!
It sounds kinda risky.
I agree with Runo.
Hmm...
I'm all for the idea.
You are ?
As we're all well aware
even if we attempt to keep our activities under wraps,
information can still be leaked.
So I agree that we should go on the offensive .
Yes!
We've tried everything else, haven't we?
So let's stick our necks out and see what happens.
So who's with us?
Um... we are!
[typing]
That's got it.
I'm ready to post Dan's message.
Any second thoughts?
No way!
Even if we do get a response,
it could be a trap of some kind, couldn't it?
Hey, Danger's my middle name!
Riiiight...
Nothing ventured nothing gained, I always say...
Here goes...
Uploading now.
I'm looking for information about the Infinity Core...
If you know anything at all, please contact me...
Smell ya later!
MARUCHO: Hey! C'mere everybody!
We got a reply to Dan's message!
Where from ?
Germany?
That's right!
It says, \"if you want information
about the Infinity Core,
then come to Germany.
It's best if we meet face to face\".
Remember what Alice said -
this whole thing could just be a trap!
We can't ignore a lead like this...
So don't sweat it...
We just have to watch each other's backs!
Ah ha...
Absolutely!
Hear, hear!
I spit in the face of Danger!
Lemme at 'em!
Well let's get this party started!
Oktoberfest style, that is!
Just one question...
what's the weather like there this time of year?
I dunno, just dress in layers.
Okay, let's do it!
ALL: Yeah!
ALICE: Do they have toilet paper in Germany?
Stay tuned for more Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Welcome back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers.
That's where we're going?
Somebody pinch me...
Unbelievable...
It's a real castle !
I thought Marucho's house was pretty impressive...
But this place takes the cake!
Hmph!
I bet this dump is drafty in the winter...
It must cost a fortune to heat!
MARUCHO: It's okay Preyas.
We've got a swimming pool.
DAN: [chuckles] Check out this crazy doorway!
So, anyone find the doorbell yet?
What?
They open automatically ?
Yeah...
just like the mall...
JULIE: Man!
I've never seen a real suit of armor before.
There's so many !
MARUCHO: I would guess that the owner of this castle
is a pretty serious collector.
PREYAS: Your stamp collection is way cooler than all this crap!
KLAUS: Welcome Brawlers...
Thank you for traveling so far.
Please, make yourself at home.
Are you the one who contacted us?
That is correct...
Please forgive the mysterious nature
of my message...
My name is Klaus Von Herzen...
Pleasure to meet you.
[gasp]
You mean \"Klaus\" as in \"number two world ranked
Bakugan player Klaus\"?
I am flattered that you know of me.
And you are Marucho...
Your Bakugan is Preyas,
who possesses the Aquos attribute.
Huh?
How on earth do you know all that?
Interesting.
You've done your research but it makes me wonder why ?
Ahh...
To be honest with you, I've wanted to go up against
the Brawlers for quite some time now.
ALL: Huh?
You dragged us half way around the world
just so we could battle ?
So then were you lying when you said you had information
about the Infinity Core?
How dare you!
A real gentleman wouldn't have done that!
You're mistaken...
I am a gentleman...
and I will indeed fulfill my promise.
Provided that you win against me.
Don't worry; I'll win against you alright...
Hang on Dan - today it's my turn!
-What? -But Marucho...
I know about this guy.
His favorite Bakugan is Sirenoid
who possesses the \"Aquos\" attribute
just like Preyas does.
I'm curious to see what happens if Preyas and I
take them on.
Are you sure about this?
Completely sure...
We're gonna eat these two for breakfast!
That's right, with the little fruit garnish
and everything !
Yeah!
[chuckles]
Check this out!
[gasps]
Th-That shooter!
Oh no !
He's working for that no good kreep Masquerade!
That means the loser's Bakugan is banished
to the Doom Dimension!
I assume then that you still accept the challenge
to battle me...
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
Field Open!
Gate Card... Set!
Bakugan Braaaawl !
Make this one count ol' buddy...
Limulus, stand!
[laughs]
Rather a cautious start...
testing the waters, are we?
I guess that means it's my turn.
Bakugan Brawl!
Stinglash stand!
[roar]
BAKUPOD: Stinglash, 30 G advantage.
Oh, puh-LEASE put me out there.
I wanna show this arrogant snob who's boss!
Oh please please please please please please please!
All right Preyas...
Go do some damage!
Bakugan Brawl!
Yeee-haaaww!
Preyas, Stand!
Yeah , babyyyyy!
So I hear ya wanted to meet me...
Well, get a load of THIS !
Change of Attribute!
Subterra!
Please pardon the intrusion...
But did somebody order a butt-kickin '?
BAKUPOD: Preyas: Undergoing Attribute Change.
So this is the \"attribute change\" I've heard about...
Interesting...
Watch this !
Ability Card Activate!
Aquos and Subterra Diagonal!
Oh mama, that's what I'm talkin' about!
I got energy to burn!
BAKUPOD: Preyas's Power level now 400 G's.
I'll take you down with just one little punch!
[laughs]
Well that wouldn't do now would it?
Then I'd have to tell you about the Infinity core.
Gate Card Open...
Scapegoat!
Uh... Marucho?
What's \"Scapegoat\"?
Ha. Simple really.
With this card the battler who first shot their Bakugan...
...can decide whether the battle continues or not.
Oh, fer cryin' out loud...
MARUCHO: So, which is it...
keep going or stop?
Well to be honest,
this battle has been a trifle tedious...
so I think I choose to stop it.
Now then...
Time to come back, Stinglash.
BAKUPOD: Battle terminated.
Look at him run!
This guys a whole lot of feathers
and not a lotta chicken.
No wait I mean he IS chicken... I just...
What's that?
You think I'm running away from you?
I just can't be bothered to battle with some kid
and his two-bit comedian sidekick.
\"Two-bit comedian\"?
You're a two-bit aristocrat !
I trust you can see yourselves out?
Why you...
We're not going anywhere until this battle is done !
Hmph.
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Sirenoid Stand.
Uh oh.
Pleasure to meet you, child.
Wow!
She's gorgeous !
Ha! I'm so glad you approve of her.
But she's more than a pretty face...
Ability Card Activate!
Dive Mirage!
BOTH: What the heck is this?
Careful Preyas! Gate card open!
Oh no...
What is it?
Something's not right- my gate card won't open!
KLAUS: Of course not my poor, confused Marucho.
Sirenoid can appear anywhere on the card.
On top of that,
she can change the card to water and render it useless.
What!
Oh no! Limulus!
Come to me my little friend...
Oh, nooo!
She's beautiful but deadly!
I believe the saying goes: \"Every rose has its thorn\".
I won't let you get away with that!
Bakugan Brawl!
Juggernoid stand!
[growl]
Bakugan brawl!
Terrorclaw stand!
AS JOHN WAYNE: Leave it to me pilgrim...
I'll get revenge...
This is for Limulus!
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas stand!
Change of Attribute!
Darkus!
Boo-ya!
So it's Darkus this time...
You never cease to amaze me...
Oh I'm not done yet...
Ability card activate!
Darkus and Aquos Correlation!
BAKUPOD: Preyas power increased by 100 G's.
I'm so hungry I could eat a horse!
But I think I'll have crab instead ...
Gate Card... Open!
Biohazard Activate!
Wait a sec...
I think I'm losing my mojo here!
Actually, your transformation has been reversed.
BAKUPOD: Darkus and Aquos Correlation cancelled.
Power level is 300 G's for each Bakugan.
[growl]
I hate a fair fight...
He knows all our tricks and uses them against us...
That Klaus....
A strong opponent.
[laughs]
Bakugan Brawl! Stinglash stand!
MARUCHO: Gate Card Open!
Ability Card Activate!
Depth Tornado!
BAKUPOD: Juggernoid's power level 530 G's.
Now it's my turn.
Ability Card Activate!
Abyss Ruler!
BAKUPOD: Stinglash's power level 550 G's.
[gasp] Juggernoid! No!
Put me in, quick!
Yeah, sure.
Gate Card Set!
Bakugan Brawl!
Preyas Stand!
All-RIGHT!
It's time to kick some...
huh... ?
If I let you fight Preyas
there's a good chance that you...
Please don't think about that.
but...
Now listen to me Marucho...
I admire you because you're such a strong battler...
But I also admire you because you're caring .
I'm strong and... Caring... ?
That's right...
To be caring you have to be strong...
And right now you have to be strong for the sake of those
who have fallen.
You're right Preyas...
If I back down now,
their sacrifices will have been pointless....
I don't know what I'd do without you, Preyas.
Now let's do this thing!
That's what I wanted to hear you say!
Right,
you're about to become the Marquis de \" Sad \"!
While your touching display has warmed my heart,
the dinner hour approaches...
It's time to end this Sirenoid.
I agree.
Bakugan Brawl!
\u266a Missed me
Sirenoid Stand!
Now, why not regale us with a song?
I have just the one for you...
Huh... ?
[\u266a]
KLAUS: This is the Ability Card, Anthemusa...
Once her opponent has heard her beautiful but deadly song,
it's over.
That Bakugan will be pulled into the Doom Dimension...
The Doom Dimension... ?
Hey hang on...
what's happening to me... ?
[laughs]
You are a prisoner of Sirenoid's song.
That voice...
I can't help but go towards it...
Preyas, don't give in!
If you do then you're finished !
Your friend is already finished.
Come Preyas...
Come closer!
Do not be afraid of the water...
But it... hasn't...
been an hour since lunch...
Oh no !
Once he's set foot in the water
there's no turning back.
His fate is now sealed.
No...
Preyas, wait!
No I can't
can't stop myself...
[gibberish noise]
You've gotta fight !
I can't !
Preyas, NOOOOO !
[screaming]
[laughs]
Well, that's that then.
Apparently I am the victor.
Sorry.
Oh, Marucho...
Oh Preyas...
How could this have happened... ?
Now listen to me Marucho,
I admire you because you're such a strong battler...
But I also admire you because you're caring .
To be caring you have to be strong...
And right now you have to be strong for the sake of those
who have fallen.
Preyas is gone...
He's really gone ...
MARUCHO: Preyas...
Unfortunately,
I don't think you will ever see each other again.
Give him back to me.
Please, I beg of you.
I'll do anything, but you have to give Preyas back to me!
There's no one in the universe
who could ever replace him...
We understand each other
we care about each other...
So please ...!
I'm sorry but I cannot do as you ask...
Your Bakugan has been sent to the Doom Dimension.
If you wish to place blame,
then blame your own weakness...
Good day to you.
Give him back!
Marucho!
[screaming]
No, wait !
Stop!
The door's gone...
And so are they !
But where to ...
Wha... What is this place... ?
Oh, no...! I can't move...!
Aahhh!
Runo here!
Coming up on Bakugan Brawlers,
Marucho and I end up in some crazy old mansion...
What the heck is this place?
Then, Masquerade sends Julio to challenge us to a battle!
Hang on a sec, Marucho.
I'm sick of hearing about how he's the world's Haos expert!
Don't worry.
I'll avenge Preyas for you, Marucho!
And then some!
Huh?
What the heck are you doing here, Dan?
Allright, Tigrerra
we've got something to prove here.
Bakugan Brawl!
See ya there!